fix: replace refs to components when splitting file (#1381)
Redocly/redocly-cli: .changeset/clever-dolphins-approve.md

---
"@redocly/cli": patch
---

> Fixed an issue with resolving references after splitting json definitions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed an issue with resolving references after splitting API descriptions written in the json format.
```
